Make README.md more beginner friendly (#1541)
gnosis/gp-v2-services: README.md

docker run -ti -e FLYWAY_URL="jdbc:postgresql://host.docker.internal/?user="$USER"&password=" -v $PWD/database/sql:/flyway/sql gp-v2-migrations migrate
```

In case you run into `java.net.UnknownHostException: host.docker.internal` add `--add-host=host.docker.internal:host-gateway` right after `docker run`.

> If you're combining a local postgres installation with docker flyway you have to add to the above `--network host` and change `host.docker.internal` to `localhost`.

Reviewer: Are these two lines for solving the same issue?

Author: They should do different things. AFAIK `host.docker.internal` makes a container communicate with other containers whereas the second suggestions makes the container communicate with the host system. To be honest I didn't try running a psql data base on the host machine.
It seems on linux docker doesn't know what `host.docker.internal` is supposed to be so I had to add it myself.

### Local Test Network

In order to run the `e2e` tests you have to have a testnet running locally.
Due to the RPC calls the services issue `Ganache` is incompatible, so we will use `hardhat`.

1. Install [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm)  
2. Install hardhat with `npm install --save-dev hardhat`  
3. Create `hardhat.config.js` in the directory you installed `hardhat` in with following content:

> <pre><code>module.exports = {

Reviewer: ubernit: Why not use <code>```javascript</code> which, AFAIU gets rendered into `<pre><code>` tags with syntax highlighting?

Author: Because this code section is part of a list ` ```js ` messed up the rendering of the list. I tried all sorts of combinations of line breaks, `<pre>`, ` ```js `, and `<code>` to not break the list. :'(

Reviewer: I think indenting the whole block by `  ` should work (so start and end <code>```</code> as well as the code within the block) - at least in Github flavoured markdown.

After you made a free infura account they offer you "endpoints" for the mainnet and different testnets. We will refer those as `node-urls`.
Because Gnosis only runs their services on mainnet, rinkeby and gnosis chain you need to select one of those.

Note that the `node-url` is sensitive data. The `orderbook` and `solver` executables allow you to pass it with the `--node-url` parameter. This is very convenient for our examples but to minimize the possibility of sharing this information by accident you should consider setting the `NODE_URL` environment variable so you don't have to pass the `--node-url` argument to the executables.

To avoid confusion during your tests, always double check that the token and account addresses you use actually correspond to the network of the `node-url` you are running the executables with.

### Orderbook

To see all supported command line arguments run `cargo run --bin orderbook -- --help`.

Run an `orderbook` on `localhost:8080` with:

```sh
cargo run --bin orderbook -- \

>   --skip-trace-api true \

Reviewer: Also useful would be to add `--skip-event-sync` which skips the syncing of past `GPv2Settlement` contract events and would speed up the startup for running locally.

  --node-url <YOUR_NODE_URL>
```

`--skip-trace-api true` will make the orderbook compatible with more ethereum nodes. If your node supports `trace_callMany` you can drop this argument.

### Solvers

To see all supported command line arguments run `cargo run --bin solver -- --help`.

Run a solver which is connected to an `orderbook` at `localhost:8080` with:

```sh
cargo run -p solver -- \

>   --solver-account 0xa6DDBD0dE6B310819b49f680F65871beE85f517e \

Reviewer: Maybe add `--transaction-strategy DryRun`

Author: Of course. 🤦‍♂️ 
I got my inspiration from the latest commands I ran. The testing session you and I had made the `DryRun` commands not show up.

>   --baseline-sources UniswapV2,SushiSwap \

Reviewer: Can remove this now that we fixed Balancer liquidity for indexing on startup when it shouldn't

  --node-url <YOUR_NODE_URL>
```

Because this command was designed to work with `node-urls` from mainnet and rinkeby it limits the `baseline-sources` to `UniswapV2` and `SushiSwap`. If your `node-url` belongs to mainnet, you can drop this argument all together to get access to all supported `baseline-sources`.

> The `solver-account` is responsible for signing transactions. Solutions for settlements need to come from an address the settlement contract trusts in order to make the contract actually consider the solution. Adding your personal solver account is quite involved and requires you to get in touch with the team, so we are using this public solver address for now.

Reviewer: Maybe add a note that we are:
> pretending to use the public solver account

Since you can't actually use it without a private key.

To make things more interesting and see some real orders you can connect the `solver` to our real `orderbook` service. There are several orderbooks for production and staging environments on different networks. Find the `orderbook-url` corresponding to your `node-url` which suits your purposes and connect your solver to it with `--orderbook-url <URL>`.

| Orderbook URL                   | Network      | Environment |
|---------------------------------|--------------|-------------|
| https://barn.api.cow.fi/mainnet | Mainnet      | Staging     |
| https://api.cow.fi/mainnet      | Mainnet      | Production  |
| https://barn.api.cow.fi/rinkeby | Rinkeby      | Staging     |
| https://api.cow.fi/rinkeby      | Rinkeby      | Production  |
| https://barn.api.cow.fi/xdai    | Gnosis Chain | Staging     |
| https://api.cow.fi/xdai         | Gnosis Chain | Production  |

Always make sure that the `solver` and the `orderbook` it connects to are configured to use the same network.

### Frontend

> To conveniently submit orders checkout the [GPv2 UI](https://github.com/gnosis/gp-swap-ui) and point it to your local instance.

Reviewer: This is out of date:
```suggestion
To conveniently submit orders checkout the [CowSwap](https://github.com/gnosis/cowswap) front-end and point it to your local instance.
```

### Local Test Network

In order to run the `e2e` tests you have to have a testnet running locally.
Due to the RPC calls the services issue `Ganache` is incompatible, so we will use `hardhat`.

1. Install [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm)  
2. Install hardhat with `npm install --save-dev hardhat`  
3. Create `hardhat.config.js` in the directory you installed `hardhat` in with following content:
<pre><code>module.exports = {
        networks: { 
            hardhat: {
                initialBaseFeePerGas: 0,
                accounts: {
                    accountsBalance: "1000000000000000000000000"
                }
            }
        }

> };</code></pre>

Reviewer: Its 3 spaces because its an ordered list. So:

<pre><code>
   ```javascript
   module.exports = {
       networks: { 
           hardhat: {
               initialBaseFeePerGas: 0,
               accounts: {
                   accountsBalance: "1000000000000000000000000"
               }
           }
       }
   };
   ```
</code></pre>

Renders correctly in Github:
<img width="998" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4210206/148785695-e580a0c9-0a86-4356-a12f-b80acf267875.png">
